.TH CANCONFIG 8 "13 March 2005" "canutils" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
canconfig \- configure a CAN bus interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "canconfig <interface>"
.br
.B "canconfig <interface> baudrate { BR | BTR }"
.br
.B "canconfig <interface> mode MODE"
.br
.B "canconfig <interface> state"
.SH DESCRIPTION
canconfig is used to configure the kernel-resident CAN (Controller Area Network)
interfaces. As CAN cards are network devices the basic configuration
options can be done with ifconfig. 

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B interface
The name of the interface. This is usually a driver name followed by
a unit number, for example "can0". 
.TP
.B baudrate
The baudrate of the CAN interface can be set with a simple and complex
method, which are chosen by using BR or BTR with the "baudrate" command. 
.br

.B BR: 
The baudrate of the interface can be set to one of the standard baud
rates by setting a BR value. Example: 

	canconfig can0 baudrate 125

to set the interface can0 to 125 kBit/s. The standard baudrates are 10,
20, 50, 100, 125, 250, 500, 800 and 1000 kBit/s.
.br

.B BTR: 
The CAN standard defines a second way for setting the baudrate, which
uses a set of Bit Timing Registers (BTR). The number of and exact
meaning of the BTR registers is chip dependend, so this interface offers
the possibility to handle three BTR registers directly to the driver: 

	canconfig can0 baudrate btr <brt1> <btr2> <btr3>

.TP
.B mode
This command sets the CAN controller into "start" mode. Example: 

	canconfig can0 mode start

.TP
.B state
This command lets you ask for the interface status. 
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
- ifconfig(8)
.br
- http://www.pengutronix.de/software/socket-can/ (Socket-CAN Project)
.SH AUTHORS
Robert Schwebel <r.schwebel@pengutronix.de>
